Intially when it came to implementing Boids, I had many idea's for how I may go about such a program, but firstly I decided I needed to learn the basic's of the processing language itself and how to run and get a display for my application.

1. The first step was to create a generalized class called Boid, in which i had the initial position, velocity and acceleration of the Boid tracked as a PVector's. This was done as it combines the 2D motion programming of the X/Y coordinates of my Boids into one singular object. It also comes with built in vector math that may come in handy later down the track such as add(), sub(), and other generalized mathmatical functions. 
2. Now that I had my objects, I needed to initialize them within the class itself, which is the next step, with the acceleration set to a new PVector as at creation I want the Boid to have no forces acting on it, and with the Boid later using the many rules acceleration is a temporary object, thus I cannot pass it to the constructor as a static variable.
3. Next I wanted to build the general display for my future Boids to be on, creating a new file called Boids, that would hold the number of Boids I want, the SeperationCoefficient, AlignmentCoefficient, and CohesionCoefficient so that later user modification would be done through these three Coefficient's. I also created a maxForce and maxSpeed function to try to cap the capabilities of these Boids to avoid any errors if anything were to go wrong.
4. From here I initialized my array of Boids, called Boids, that I will later fill with Boids in my intial setup, I also create my Boidshape variable that will be modified to create the triangular shape of the Boid later.
5. Now I create my setup function, in which I set the size of the display, the framerate, the number of Boids (as declared earlier), my Coefficient's, my maxForce and maxSpeed vectors, and lastly create the array of Boids to the size of the number of Boids. I fill the array of Boids with a for loop, creating the Boid class with a random width and height coordinate, and a random unit vector essentially telling the Boid, move, and point in a random direction, thus creating complete randomness for the spawning of the Boids across my display.
6. Now that I am creating my Boids array and initializing all my Boids in the array, I now need to create the shape of the Boid. Personal preferences come into play when designing Boids, but I find that the triangular design of the Boids better represent it being a "bird" and therefore better immitates a "flock". Thankfully the design of Boids in a triangular pattern is very common and the shape design was able to be found here, created by womogenes: https://github.com/womogenes/Boids/blob/main/Boids.pde.
7. Now I create my drawBoids function in my Boid class, this essentially takes in a random width coordinate, a random height coordinate, and a random angle the Boid shall face. I pop the Boid onto a stack, just to ensure modifiation only affects that one Boid, i then translate it to the X and Y coordinates, rotate it to the given heading direction, create the shape of the Boid, and pop it back onto the Matrix.
8. From here I create a update function, in which adds to the position the velocity of the Boid and also a add to the velocity the amount of acceleration the Boid has.
9. Alright, we're nearly there now, now you just have to display all the Boids to the screen, we call the drawBoid function, with the x, y and angle that the Boid is heading in.
10. Secondly, I create a seperate draw function that will occur on every frame, (60 frames a second), that draws the background black (0), and for every Boid it updates the Boid and displays the Boid to the screen.
11. Lastly, In our display function where we draw the Boids every frame, we need to check the x and y position of the Boid, and if the X and Y position is out of bounds of the screen (Boid.X > width - 50), we draw the Boids in bounds of the screen to ensure they stay on the screen.

Yay, you've done the basic set up for Boids! Now when you run the application in proccessing, you will see all the Boids slowly move off screen. But uh-oh? what if we want the Boids to wrap around to the other side of the screen...?




