The second rule we have to implement to get the Boids somewhat flying together is Cohesion, in which the rule states:
- Each Boid must steer to move towards the average position, (center of mass), of local flockmates

To implemenet this, we will take some very similar steps similar to the Seperation rule, and I'll later, hopefully try to modify the rules into one loop, (you'll see as we begin :)

1. The first step is to create a new PVector called center in a new void function called Cohesion, as for Cohesion we will be trying to get the center mass of all nearby Boids, this Pvector will also be in the Boids class.
2. Now we create a int value called TotalNumOfBoidsInRadius, which literally just tracks the number of Boids in its Cohesion radius, but if you've picked it up, what Cohesion Radius?
3. In our setUp function called Boid, we create a variable called CohesionRadius and also initialize that variable to a radius of 100 in my case.
4. Now that we have our radius size set, we go back to the Boid class and loop through all the Boids, comparing their distance between our Boid and the other Boid to the Cohesion Radius.
5. If the Cohesion Radius is larger then the distance between the two Boids, (meaning the Boid is within the Cohesion Radius), and the Boid we are checking in not this Boid, (Making sure the current Boid is not the Boid we are looping over), then we add the position of that Boid to our PVector center variable.
6. Lastly we increase the TotalNumOfBoidsInRadius tracker by one.
7. Now outside of the for loop, we check if the TotalNumOfBoids equals zero, if so we just don't try to adjust the following variables of the current Boid.
8. Next we divide the center PVector varaible by the amount of Boids in the radius (center.div(TotalNumOfBoidsInRadius)).
9. Then we calculate a vector pointing from the Boid’s current position toward the center of mass by subtracting the position from the center.
10. Then we set the magnitude of the target velocity to maxSpeed, indicating how fast we want the Boid to move towards the center. (At this stage, the vector represents a desired velocity rather than a force or position.)
11. Now we calculate the steering force by subtracting the current velocity from the desired velocity.
    1. It is important to remember that the velocity contains a variable such as (5,0), which means move to the right, now when we minus where we want to move to in this case, diagonally, (5,5), we take the current velocity from the desired velocity to give us a kind of steering variable, (5,5) - (5,0) = (0,5), (Keep going to the right, but also add upwards 5 upwards motion)
12. Then we set a limit to the maximum force applied to the Boid to prevent unrealistic or sudden changes in movement of the Boid.
13. Then we add the force now that it's been limited to the Boids current Acceleration (Like it's velocity, but specifically for the Boid).
14. Now we simply update the update function with our new Cohesion function, calling it immediatly after our seperation function.

Ta-Da! Now our Boids all form in groups, but now they immediatlly turn around and go back towards the center of mass, that's because their angles are all completly opposite from eachother, making this ball like image, that's where step 3, Alignment comes in!

